Well, good evening everybody.
Merry Christmas from our house to yours.
We pray you had a wonderful Christmas with your family and friends, or whatever y'all did.
If you had something good to eat, you celebrate Jesus.
Jesus is the reason for the season.
Wasn't it wonderful to celebrate our King today?
We had our birthday cake, and Paisley said, "Daddy, we got to go get Jesus a birthday cake.
" So we went to the ice cream store.
They had ice cream cakes, and Paisley said, "Do you think he'd want ice cream cake today?
" I said, "Well, I think that's better than the one we got last year.
" So we went and got one of those.
Paisley was so excited.
The lady asked, "Who do you want to put on the birthday cake?
" and we said, "Jesus, it's his birthday.
" She just looked at us like we're nuts.
She said, "I won't put it on there; I'll have the other lady do it," because she was not a Christian.
But that was all right because we got to share the light of God to that lady in the cake store.
It was pretty neat.
People don't get it, but we love to celebrate Jesus.
I was out and I was praying this morning and I said, "Lord, do you want me to do a live stream today for your birthday?
I will do it.
" He said, "Yes.
Could you do me a favor?
Don't make it traditional.
I want you to tell them something different.
Everybody has focused on my first coming today, that I came and sacrificed my life for you.
But Brandon, I'm coming again and I want you to tell them what you saw in the tribulation.
I want you to go over and shake them because I'm coming.
Many people are asleep; many people don't realize the seriousness of the hour, Brandon.
" I said, "Lord, that's not a traditional Christmas message, but I'll do what you asked me to do.
" He said, "I came once and I'm coming again, Brandon.
I'm coming again.
A lot of the people are asleep; they don't realize the seriousness of the hour.
" As I sat there picking up some sticks in the yard and praying, I said, "Yes, Lord.
I'll do it for you.
" He said, "I want you to tell them again what you saw and what's coming.
I want you to go over the things.
" So, that's what we're going to do.
Some of you have already heard this or probably heard it more than once, but I know that there's many people—maybe you're at your relatives' right now watching us live or you'll watch the playback later—who haven't heard it.
It's for you and a refresher for the ones that need it.
We'll go over a little bit.
Donné Clement yesterday had Trey Smith.
I never heard of this man before, but she had him on there.
They were going over prophecies that her daddy had given that have not come to pass yet.
She brought up Edward Snowden and she said Brandon had seen this and a new glimpse of Edward Snowden.
I thought the video was really good yesterday.
People encouraged us and said, "Brandon, you got to watch this.
" They emailed it to us, and so we watched that and listened to everything that Donné Clement said—the words that her father gave before he went home.
I thought it was really interesting, some of the things that were said about the Supreme Court judges.
This is what we've been praying over.
I've been praying over three Supreme Court judges; we kept seeing that concerning a lot of things in the days ahead.
He said very embarrassing moments will happen whenever a new Edward Snowden comes on the scene.
I thought about everything the Lord had showed us in prayer about the new Edward Snowden and all the sex trafficking.
He said it would make the Epstein list look like a walk in the park for what was about to be exposed.
The Epstein list was like child's play.
We're so focused on something that is like a small percentage of all the corruption that is about to be exposed by this new Edward Snowden.
What the Lord showed us in our prayer time is that it would go back generations—it would go back decades, like a hundred years' worth of corruption.
Decades of files—and if everybody remembers those file cabinets that I saw that were stored, every one of them had a year and it went clear back past the 1970s.
I've been praying over that a lot.
What I know is coming for the shaking to awaken: 2026, 2027, 2028.
The urgency of the hour—there's no urgency in the church and where we're going.
I want to give all the glory to Jesus.
We didn't have any Catholic churches attacked or any candlelight services attacked across America or around the world.
From what I understand, I have not seen from Braden news anything in the news concerning any kind of major terrorist plots or anything that happened to anybody during our Christmas celebrations.
We just give all the glory to Jesus because we know that he's the one that protects us.
It was so heavy on my heart praying over our churches and our places of worship during this Christmas season, that no weapon formed against any of us would prosper as we gathered together to give Jesus glory for his beautiful birth.
I truly believe that was a miracle.
Nothing happened in France, nothing happened even at the Vatican—no place in America.
It was crickets, and I just thank Jesus.
I believe that is a result of prayer and we have to continue to pray even going up into the first of the year, New Year's Eve, and all the mass gatherings.
We'll continue to pray on this channel until next Wednesday, praying for protection for all the people gathered together.
This is a very serious time, as many people know.
We prayed over the Christmas holiday season and all the shopping.
We just have a little bit more shopping with the people that give gift cards and what they want to spend after the Christmas season on the 26th and 27th.
But folks, what I really believe with what we saw uncovered in London with the mass terrorists with the AKs and all the stuff that they uncovered—they said that they were planning one of the largest terror plots that London had ever seen.
They stopped these men from doing this, and it was all over the news in England.
There were two or three men.
I saw three men in a van that looked like an old Beetle that were driving down the road in France, and they jumped out of the car and they were slashers.
The Lord warned us to pray over these men with knives that were using the van as a weapon and the knives to jump out, and they tried to get people on a bridge.
I saw a bridge.
Now, we stopped this.
I believe we had a major part in praying over this because I saw this kind of stuff.
This is what I'm talking about even to the weapon.
Remember, and that was what about radio and all this stuff?
That's the same weapons.
Do you get that, folks?
We have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We are called to pray, and prayer changes things.
Most people go, "Well, Brandon, I want to see things happen.
" No, that’s a prayer fail.
We don’t want to see—this is what we want to see right here: these suckers behind bars and not able to hurt nobody with all their craziness that they want to do to our nation and to the world.
This is what we want happening.
All three men were busted.
That’s in England.
And so I’m excited about that one right there because with those kinds of magazines and that kind of weaponry, you can hurt a lot of folks.
So glory to Jesus for stopping those idiots.
We’re excited about it.
You can see they’re lost in their eyes; they’re just crazy.
Look at their eyes.
The eyes are the gateway to the soul, man.
You can see it—just full of the devil.
Especially the bald-headed guy right there; he just looks angry and vicious.
But you know what?
Praise the Lord that we stopped him and the law enforcement got him.
Now, we continue to pray.
I know the Lord showed me 1,000 men and women in our country.
And if we go back to what He said: do not stereotype.
They’re not always going to look like this.
The Lord said, "They’ve infiltrated your NSA.
They’ve infiltrated your Homeland Security.
They’ve infiltrated your Pentagon.
They’ve infiltrated even to the highest levels of government, and you don’t even realize that you have rats within.
" How many times the Lord has told us you have rats within—in your local police department, in your FBI, you have rats within.
And they don’t come out the stereotype.
Just because you don’t have a turban on your head and you don’t have some kind of Allahu Akbar or whatever they all say—I butchered that probably—but just because they don’t look like some terrorist doesn’t mean they’re not one.
You’ve got to be smarter in these days because they’re disguising themselves as just like the guy next door, and you’ll be like, "I wasn’t expecting that.
" And that’s what the Lord warned us about.
So we will continue to pray a divine protection over everyone, that no weapon formed against them will prosper and that we have power and authority.
That’s why we talk about Sister Billye's book all the time, "The Authority of the Believer" and how to use it.
And this is her little booklet that we read day in and day out.
We take our place of authority, seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
And I want you to do that.
We have got to, in the days ahead, use Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and get that rooted in your heart.
You must have a foundation of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 for what I have seen coming.
There is a great storm coming, and many people do not realize the seriousness of the hour.
So, is that all?
We didn’t have a lot of news, did we?
I’m going to jump right into it.
I mean, I showed you the flooding.
We had a lot of flooding in Los Angeles, I believe it was, right?
I pray everybody’s safe out there.
If you’re watching this and you know about the floods, tell us down below.
You saw a lot of destruction from those floods in Los Angeles.
That’s a lot of rain really quick.
It’s not normal.
I told you weaponized weather warfare—weather manipulation is coming.
With weaponizing weather and trying to control the weather, they will lose control.
And then I saw—one more thing—I saw the regrouping in Iran with Syria, with Hezbollah, and Gaza, and all the things that the Lord said.
They will pull back and they’ll regroup and get ready to retaliate again.
But this time it will be like October the 7th, but at night.
How many times the Lord showed us they are regrouping to attack again at night when they’re sleeping?
This is all them saying they’re getting ready.
They’re rebuilding for their next war.
And this is what the Lord warned us about.
But then I saw Cairo, Egypt.
I saw another plot coming out of Africa that down through Egypt and going up, and the Lord showed us this in another vision.
He warned us about praying for Israel and praying for the peace of Jerusalem, that we are about to see Ezekiel 38 and 39.
I truly believe we’re about to see Ezekiel 38 and 39.
The other part of what I believe the Lord has showed us is that Putin will not just stop with Ukraine; he wants all of the old Soviet Union back.
And the Lord warned us that he’ll come after Romania.
He’s coming after Poland, and he’ll split there.
I saw a proxy government coming in.
I saw all these major events taking place with this escalation of things.
But it forked, and Trump was trying to go this way and this was going this way.
And this was concerning Macron and Zelensky and the EU concerning they want war.
Why?
Because it’s all part of the plan to bring forth the Mahdi.
It’s all part of the plan.
That’s where we’re fixing to go to right now.
It’s all part of the plan to bring forth the end of the end: a one-world order, a one-world government, a one-world currency.
All these major things are about to take place, ladies and gentlemen.
And Jesus Christ is coming.
We’re about to see a new global currency with digital, with crypto, and all these things that they’re going to use with CBDCs and Bitcoin and some other ones—five major pillars.
And I’ve talked about those five major pillars over and over again—what they will use—and they will trickle down and all the others will fall like stars.
They will bring in regulations and they will bring in rules concerning crypto in the days ahead.
They’ll bring in laws that govern and bring stability to it so that it will not be so volatile, and they'll bring in stability to crypto, but they’ll bring in regulation and laws so that people are not able to hide and do things.
Then it’ll be a surveillance state.
Remember the things I’m telling you because it’s coming as fast as lightning through 2026, 2025, 2027, 2028.
After September the 23rd, the Lord said, "You have entered into the point of no return.
" For as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Look at this, ladies and gentlemen.
The labor pains are intensifying.
And the Lord said to me, "What do you mean by the point of no return?
" That's when you can't get an epidural.
You're at the point of no epidural.
Do you understand?
It’s like whenever they say, "You’re dilated enough, honey.
You can’t have the epidural.
You waited too long.
It’s time to push.
" And that’s where the Lord said we’re at the pushing stage of all this.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
The Bible said that in the last days men will be lovers of themselves.
Not only lovers of self, but they will mock and say, "Oh, where is the promise of His coming?
" You are just off your rocker.
I’m trying to tell you, you better get yourself ready.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
Look around you with all this AI.
AI is about to accelerate like you’ve never seen it before.
The Lord said it's a new industrial revolution with AI.
If you thought the dot-com era was a big deal, it was nothing compared to these supercomputers with super information and this information explosion that we're about to see with AI.
AI is about to run things like you've never seen—I'm telling you, folks, you need to get ready.
AI is about to really show up and show off, and you're going to go, "Wow, they've got cures for cancer.
They've got cures for all kinds of things.
" And you go, "Well, Brandon, I already know about ivermectin.
" No, I'm talking about things that will be over the counter.
And you say, "Why?
" Because they want you to trust it.
They want you to be friends with it.
And as you embrace AI, it's going to start to brainwash you.
You're going to go, "Oh, it's a friend.
Don't you realize it's a friend?
" AI, the Lord said, "Don't embrace it.
Harness it.
" Remember what he said?
You're not going to be able to get away from ChatGPT and all these things.
You must harness it.
Don't embrace it.
Don't make it your buddy for what's coming.
You need to understand a new digital age: social credit scores and digital ID.
All the major things are about to start to really come on the scene in 2026 and 2027.
And the Lord...
sorry, Braden—we're talking to Braden—tells me all kinds of stuff that they're getting ready to pass in other countries, especially Canada.
And this goes with what the Lord showed us about Canada, Australia, and Europe in the days ahead, that they will be the forerunners because we've got Trump in there.
You will be so thankful that Trump is in office.
We must pray for his safety and his security over the next three years.
Not only do I pray for the next president if the Lord tarries—I pray that He doesn't; I hope He comes back in 2028—but if we're still here, we've got to pray for the 2026 midterms and for what's coming.
I personally would love to see Don Jr.
run for president.
Now, that's just me.
I don't like JD Vance that much; I like Don Jr.
, but I see he has more of a—his countenance is better.
I do not like JD Vance's eyes; there's something wrong.
So, you can believe what you want to believe, but I don't like the man.
I like Don Jr.
I would even do Rubio.
I'd even do the guy in Florida, too—Ron DeSantis.
So, whatever.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if Trump could run a third term?
I would take it.
I'd be like, "Let's vote for Trump again, third term.
" But you can't do that.
I'd believe God for his son to come.
But I haven't had a real clear direction on that, so I'm not saying it's prophetic.
I saw that the pick would be JD Vance.
That's what I saw, but I'm fighting it in the spirit realm.
I don't want that.
The Lord showed me that he was not right, and he'll come out splitting off of MAGA in the days ahead.
And so you say, "Well, Brandon, I'm going to go with that.
" Well, that's fine.
I'm not trying to tell you how to vote; I'm just telling you what I think.
It's my opinion.
Everybody is entitled to their opinion, and you don't have to always agree with what I believe.
If you don't like what I say, well, that's fine, but I still pray.
We're still here to pray.
That's why it's really hard to talk about politics, especially in church.
People get real cranky about things, especially around family.
You get around the holidays and you start talking about politics and religion; boy, people get ticked off.
I'm not changing who I am.
I'm going to be bold as a lion, even more so in these days ahead.
You may not like what I say, but at least you know what I think.
There's no hiding it with Diana, Braden, and me; we are really bold about what we believe, and we're going to tell you if you want to listen to us.
So, all right, let's get to it.
Way too far, but hey, where else do you have to be right now?
On July 6, 2014, I had an out-of-body experience with Jesus.
I was taken to the Tribulation.
I'm going over this experience that I had with Him that changed my life forever.
This was one of the most intense encounters I've ever had.
I didn't expect this to happen.
In fact, after it happened and I woke her up the next day and told her what happened, it was hard.
I didn't talk about it for a long time.
We just kept it to ourselves.
I told some family members, but I think most people thought I was hallucinating because back then they didn't even have drones in the sky.
They didn't even talk about some of this stuff, and now we're seeing it in the news all the time.
The things that I saw in the Tribulation are escalating all the time.
I was taken to this place right here.
The moment I woke, Jesus was standing right next to me and we were at a courthouse.
You see this courthouse?
You can play a little bit of it; I'll go over it while you're seeing it.
That's the courthouse.
I was standing right here at this corner, looking up, and there was lightning all around.
There were lightning bolts flashing, and the sky was completely alive.
It lasted for hours, but there was no storm in sight.
It was just lightning and clouds, the most intense lightning storm I've ever seen.
This lady from the front ran up to me right there, screaming and acting completely crazy.
I said, "What's wrong with you?
" She goes, "Don't you know all the Christians are gone?
All the Christians are gone!
" As I turned, everything was on fire in the neighborhoods.
I saw cars being looted.
The peace that was on our area was completely gone for the first time.
The covering of the church in prayer was completely gone because we bring a covering.
We don't realize the peace that we bring to the earth.
We are the salt and the light.
When we are removed with the Rapture—and there's a lot of people who say they don't believe in the Rapture, but that's your problem; it happens, I saw it—we're taken out.
We're lifted up out of here.
When that happens, we, the restrainer, are removed by the Holy Ghost inside of us, and all hell breaks loose.
Everybody is burning.
You thought the George Floyd protests and all that stuff that happened with BLM—Black Lives Matter—starting back in 2020 was something?
That was nothing compared to what happens at the Rapture of the church.
It was literal hell on earth.
The moment the church is removed, there is no peace.
It's absolute fear.
Fear has torment.
When people lose that sense of peace, they look like wild animals.
I looked over and could see them burning all of the city.
People were just going nuts.
Mothers were looking for their children, screaming, "Where are my babies?
" "Where are my children?
" they asked as they were running through the streets looking for their kids.
They had pictures and everything in their hands, running and asking, "Do you see him?
Do you know where he is?
Have you seen him?
" They were asking everybody, "Have you seen him?
" This was going on because all the children from newborns up to the age of fifteen were completely gone.
I asked the Lord about that, and He said that is the age of accountability.
Then He said, "Brandon, all the others will be left if they don't know me.
" I saw all this that I am showing to you.
Go ahead, you can play some of it.
I filmed it because the town we lived in at the time is where I was taken to in the future.
I want to show you—can you play any of it?
This is a football field right down from the courthouse.
Everybody brings their Bibles because the Antichrist tells everyone they have to bring their Bibles to the courthouses.
At the courthouse I showed you down the street where I was at the beginning, they all bring their Bibles later on and there are stacks of Bibles everywhere.
The Antichrist forces you to, and then they bring them to this football field right here called Jelsma Stadium.
They burn them by the tens of thousands, stacked a story high—a huge fire in the middle of this field.
You see that green field?
That's going to be one in the future.
I saw it burning full of Bibles.
This is a video I made several years ago.
It is a stadium, a bowl like that, and it's really deep, showing how big the stack of Bibles is.
It is similar to when Hitler burned all the books and Bibles.
You saw it during Indiana Jones, and that is similar to what I saw when I was standing with Jesus when they burned them.
I saw the smoke; it goes up for miles.
You can see it from all around.
That will come in the future.
It's coming, I'm telling you.
I'm just letting you all know it is time to get right with Jesus before it's too late.
If your heart's not right with Jesus, you need to repent today because there is coming a time shortly when you won't have time to repent anymore.
It's over.
Jesus Christ is coming.
I just want to be real with you all; it's time to get real with God because Jesus is coming and the Rapture of the church is going to take place.
Now, show this again, son.
You can show it better from the front.
That's the courthouse where they bring all the Bibles in the future.
You are mandated by the Antichrist with that flag.
He's going to have his thing on there to have that done.
You will see that eventually in the future.
Here's another building from the Masons.
This is another building that you will see during the Tribulation.
They will have this building for the Antichrist and for his people.
Watch, it will happen.
Just remember I told you.
I'm not trying to be sarcastic; it's just time to be real and get serious.
We're running out of time.
There's a great revival about to happen to this earth.
We're about to see a major outpouring of the Spirit of God and a billion-soul harvest.
I've been in prayer interceding for the things that are coming.
I want to show you downtown where the people will come.
Look, you can pan up downtown.
All these old brick buildings of this old historic town are where the people come.
This will be a major hub.
I don't know why they pick here.
Do you see this flag?
No, go back to the flag after he becomes the Antichrist.
This is where they worship every Friday at a certain time.
He brings in his own flag.
I'll try to tell you what this flag looks like.
He puts the five pillars of Islam as stars above the flag.
I had my son create this flag out of what I saw when I was in the Tribulation with Jesus.
It's green, white, and black.
They take those sickles and the swords and wrap them around the globe for the UN.
They take the five pillars of Islam and put them above, and everyone calls him the Mahdi.
They worship him on Fridays.
Everyone is required to come and praise and worship him at this place on Fridays every single week.
This is what it looks like; I had him create it.
They all are in single-file lines and they come on measured screens that are put on the sides of buildings.
Every single person is bowing down and worshiping the Antichrist on screens all throughout the states with his flag on the buildings instead of the United States flag.
They take it down and put his up.
They are all in white gowns.
Now show the building right here.
This is the major temple that they will worship at every single Friday.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, it's coming.
It's hundreds of years old, but this is where they will go.
They'll have massive screens all on the side of this building so that you can worship the Antichrist on Friday.
So if you don't believe in the Rapture and you want to be left here, that's fine.
You can come here and worship the Antichrist or you can go get your head cut off because that's what's going to happen.
I'm not trying to be crude, but I'm being real.
Let's turn right here.
Like I said, these are the grounds.
There was a massive screen right there, a humongous screen.
It points out this way and shows the people going that way.
It's a massive building, and these are all the grounds.
The lines will go back and forth all the way across, and there will be a massive screen on that brown building right here.
One day, there will be a massive screen on that building and the people will see it and worship that way.
They come from everywhere around this area and this little town to worship him.
See, they have their Scottish Rite signs there, and they come here and have big meetings.
This is how big all the land is.
Now I'm going to show you the courthouse.
Remember, I told everybody we have to fast forward to when I had the visitation from the Lord.
There was no Starbucks in the town.
There was an old barbecue house there and a Taco Bueno.
I told Diana and the kids, "One day that building will be a Starbucks.
There'll be a Starbucks right here on this corner.
" When I went to the Tribulation, there was a Starbucks there.
Everybody said, "Oh, Brandon, they'll never be able to afford a Starbucks in this town because it's just a little bitty town.
" But the Lord said to me when I was in the Tribulation with him, "There'll be a Starbucks there," because I saw it.
There was lightning all above the Starbucks.
Over the years, they had a barbecue house there.
They had the Taco Bueno there, and then a Chinese food place—or was it Chinese food?
No, it was barbecue Chinese.
They also had the Taco Bueno.
One day I was driving by, and I asked the lady at the building next door because they had bulldozed it all down.
I asked, 'Why did they bulldoze the taco place down?
' She said, 'They're going to put a Starbucks there.
' I literally had goosebumps on goosebumps because everything I had seen about the Tribulation and what the Lord showed us was coming to pass.
I was standing over at the Braum's next door.
Now listen to this: this is the Starbucks.
This was not here.
Like I told you, that was the barbecue house.
This was a Taco Bueno, then they bulldozed it down and turned it into the Starbucks.
I wanted to show you prophetically that it looks like some things will never happen.
You might go, 'Wow,' because like I said, when I was with Jesus, I was standing over there by that Braum's.
Show them that there's a Braum's over there; it's an ice cream store.
We were standing over there in the corner when I was in the Tribulation with the Lord and all this stuff was going on—rioting and all the things were happening.
I could see that there was a Starbucks and lightning in the sky.
I told you all there was lightning after the Rapture of the church—a lot of lightning.
It's weird, and I don't know why, but this Starbucks was here.
Just as it's lit up right now, it was nighttime when the Tribulation happened.
Just as it is lit up right here, all of it was just like that.
It was lit up and I could see it, but there was lightning in the sky.
Just like it's a cloudy night tonight, there was a ton of lightning.
Sometimes when you're seeing in the spirit realm, what you're seeing doesn't exist yet, but just hold on; it's going to manifest.
It took years for what I saw to start to happen, and now we're seeing it: the alien visitations, the things that happened in Miami not too long ago, and all kinds of things taking place over, I believe, New York.
They had some kind of unidentified object show up there.
They're talking about aliens, and Jesus warned this would start to take place.
I told you this would be one of the signs of His return.
Watch as they talk about it more, because we're going to see some kind of manifestation of an alien encounter.
It's coming.
I am preparing you for a great deception.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
It will be a great deception, trying to explain away to the world what happened to the millions of people who disappeared in the Rapture.
That's what they're going to do.
They're going to say aliens came and those people were punished for being in rebellion because they were taken.
They were vaporized or gone—we don't know—but 'aliens got them.
' They're going to have to come up with an excuse for where all these people disappeared.
That's when they will introduce the Mark of the Beast and bring in a one-world system.
When millions of people—if not a billion, as I believe—disappear all of a sudden, what is that going to do to the financial system and the sanity of the world?
People are going to go crazy because everyone will be freaking out, asking, 'Where did all the kids go?
' I told you all: the kids below the age of 15 disappear.
Even if they were not born again, there was mercy on them.
People say, 'Well, I don't agree with the age of accountability.
' But that's what I saw: it was 15 and below.
They all disappeared in the Rapture of the church.
All those families will be looking for those children because they've disappeared.
I'm telling you, it's coming.
Jesus is coming.
I hope your heart is right before Him.
I hope this video shook you a little bit, because that's what it's meant to do.
When the Antichrist brings in a system, the chip will be a form of Neuralink.
I've warned everybody; I do not believe it's Neuralink altogether, but it is a type of Neuralink.
It's a chip they will inject into your hand or your forehead.
I saw that it communicates to Starlink.
Starlink and Neuralink are all going to work together with the Mark of the Beast, which will be digital.
I hope you are listening to me.
It's coming.
Starlink did not exist when I had the visitation, nor did Neuralink.
I'm trying to tell you, I saw the communication of the satellites and the drones they will use to maintain a police state throughout the world.
You will not be able to buy, sell, trade, or do anything without the mark on your hand or your forehead.
I saw people trying to mock the Mark of the Beast.
They use these drones by the tens of thousands, flying in the sky to monitor everyone.
If you do not have the Mark of the Beast to tell that drone that you have an allegiance to the Antichrist, they send the authorities to you.
The drone stays on you until the authorities arrive and give you a choice.
You either accept the mark and pledge allegiance to the Antichrist, or they cut your head off right there.
There are no second chances; you can't get away.
You either have the mark or you die.
It's done.
Do you understand how serious this is?
As I was in the Tribulation with the Lord, there were so many Christians who were left behind.
They thought they were right with God, but they were not.
So many of them lived a compromising lifestyle.
The Lord told me, 'The grace message has ruined the church.
This soupy, watered-down grace—once saved, always saved—is not right.
They must turn from their wicked ways.
' Brandon, it's not about works, but it's not about going back to the vomit you said you repented from.
There is so much of this watered-down, soupy grace.
I saw pastors and people who had preached that—preached that you could live however you wanted.
I won't mention any names.
I saw people on TBN and Daystar who were preaching the gospel on a daily basis and had a TV program every day, but they were left behind.
The people who were listening to them were ready to string them up and hang them in the town square.
That's what the Christians were that were listening.
They were furious and trembling.
I knew people who were left behind, and they were so upset they were flipping off the Lord because they were left during the Rapture and weren't taken.
They were so angry.
They looked for the preachers who had taught them and killed them just like that.
There was no grace.
The Lord said, 'To whom much is given, much is required.
You didn't warn my people what was coming.
' I said, 'Lord, show me that in scripture.
' He said, 'The ten virgins.
' Five had their lamps full of oil; five did not.
They were all expecting him and knew he was coming, but they weren't ready for him.
Their hearts were far from him.
They didn't have their oil.
'Can we borrow some of your oil?
' You can't make it on somebody else's experience; you have to have an experience for yourself.
You can't make it on your wife's oil or your husband's oil.
You must have oil yourself.
What is the oil?
The oil of the Holy Ghost.
You must be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit in these last days.
I saw people that were left who had compromising lifestyles.
He said, "I would rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, I spew you out of my mouth.
" I saw those people that were spewed out of his mouth and they were furious that they were here.
They all gathered together and started to go to the mountains and to the hills because they knew what was coming.
They dug foxholes in the sides of the mountains in Colorado, Arkansas, Missouri, and all through the Smokies, trying to have a community.
As soon as the drones started flying, they would know if there was a gunshot noise or fire.
They were trying to live off a campsite, and they would come and survey and scan the area and look for whoever had the mark.
If you didn't have it, the moment they saw smoke or fire, or heard a gunshot noise while you were trying to live off the land, they would just hover there until the authorities came.
I saw them digging huge holes in the side, trying to make little bitty fires just to stay alive because it was so cold.
I'm talking weather like we've never seen before is coming in the tribulation.
You think, "Oh, we'll be able to survive, Brandon.
You'll be able to live off the land if you get left.
" Good luck.
I saw the earth was travailing with volcanic activity, plagues, pestilence, major storms, and tsunami waves.
I told you I saw the four angels and they were saying, "woe, woe, woe" to the earth.
Remember those?
That adds to it.
And there was dead fish everywhere.
You won't be able to eat fish.
There's no fish in the ocean to eat; they're all dead.
I saw dead fish by the millions, I would even say maybe in the billions, floating on top of the water.
So you think you will just live off the land?
No, there's something that happens to all the fish.
They're all dead, so you have no fish to eat.
The bacteria and the stink and the stench from all the dead fish is grotesque.
You can smell it for miles all on the shores.
Dead fish everywhere: whales, sharks, octopuses, whatever you can think of.
They're all dead.
Fish that you've never seen before, dead.
Most people say, "Well, we can live through that.
" Good luck.
I'm trying to tell you what's coming.
We're not there yet.
As I saw the mark of the beast and the things coming, people were so desperate to get medical care.
They tried to mock the mark of the beast because it leaves a huge boil on your hand.
I saw a massive boil that was a huge, infectious-looking, nasty thing that it left on your hands.
Your body had a reaction to it.
It was a huge boil on your head or your hand, and it looked like you could lose your hand.
That's how bad and nasty it was.
Your body was in rebellion to it.
But the moment they got the chip, it created a peace over your mind.
It changed you from the inside out—a demonic change.
You were no longer able to think freely.
You became like a robot, like a zombie.
The moment that chip comes into your body, it sends endorphins to your brain.
The Bible says that people will try to seek death and they won't be able to find it.
I saw why.
Because the moment the chip comes into your hand, it brings peace to you and you can't hurt yourself.
I saw people trying to jump off bridges, and the moment they thought it, it sent an endorphin to the brain to calm them down.
It made it where you couldn't do anything to harm yourself.
Everybody, even those mowing the grass, looked like zombies walking around.
I saw the Christians that were left here who were not right with the Lord.
They were trying to go and gather food from the fields from farmers.
I could see them going at night because they couldn't go in the day.
They moved around at night to try to raid farmers' fields.
But if the farmers saw you, they had to call the authorities immediately.
The farmers had dogs, and I saw they had little.
22s.
They didn't have AR-15s anymore.
I don't know what happens to America in the days ahead, but we don't have the Second Amendment like we used to.
Something happens to the Second Amendment.
I didn't see why, but nobody had any firearms.
They would set concrete pillars in the roads to try to stop the Hummers.
I saw them with Hummers that had blue lights in the back, and they would be on the lookout to find the Christians or the people who were rebellious against the Antichrist.
This lasted several years.
They would come to you and give you a decision: either you take the mark...
I saw a family of five.
When you have a baby—and I'll say this again, I want you to really pay attention to this because I get email after email saying, "Brandon, you said all the children would be gone.
" Listen, if you have a baby in the tribulation, you are still going to have that child here because the rapture has already happened.
There is no...
I never saw a second or third rapture.
All I saw was what I saw, and I'm telling you what I saw.
I saw all of the babies and the families that had children.
I saw these kids that were probably five years old.
The tribulation is seven years, so they're three, four, five years old, and I saw them suffering greatly.
People will still create families; people think life stops, but no.
It's seven years of hell.
Seven years of tribulation.
People think the first three and a half years won't be too bad, but no, it's all bad.
Just the latter three and a half years are even worse, but it's all bad.
Regardless of what you think, no one has ever seen anything like this before.
Look at World War I and World War II with Hitler killing the Jews.
Look at all the major wars.
No time on earth has ever been like what you're about to see with the weather, the signs of the times, and all kinds of fearful sights with asteroids and all this stuff.
No generation has ever seen everything combined at one time.
We may have an event here and there—maybe a tsunami, an earthquake, or a solar flare—but you're about to see back-to-back major events taking place like a heartbeat.
So many people are so blinded that they think they'll be okay and they'll be able to live through it.
No, it's literal.
I saw people trying to create the mark of the beast on their hand—that mark, that boil—so they could pretend they had it.
They would come to major military barricades, and you would have to go to these places to check in to enter the city.
If you didn't go through these barricades, they wouldn't allow you in because of the fences and makeshift barriers.
And they scan you with a device.
If you're trying to fake the mark, they cut your head off right there.
They don't even give you a second chance because of rebellion and deceit.
But if you had it, they allowed you into the town to buy food.
These men were always scanning the people.
A lot of people ask, "Brandon, do you think that the COVID shot was the mark of the beast?
" No, it's just part of the desensitizing to get you there.
But the Lord said right before I close all of this—because this is going on way too long—let me see; it's been 55 minutes, and I'm trying to keep it under an hour.
I saw the major part of whenever he's at the abomination of desolation in the new Third Temple.
I saw the Third Temple; I can tell you what it looks like.
It's absolutely beautiful.
When they build the new Third Temple in Jerusalem, I saw the Antichrist there.
I saw the Pope on one side and a man in black on the other.
Both people were standing beside him, and he stands with awe on a platform up here while the people are worshiping below.
I saw what looked like Greek columns around him and lightning was going on, and he proclaimed that he was God.
I'm telling you folks, I saw lightning shoot all around.
People say, "Brandon, who did you see?
" In my opinion—and I have to say this is for entertainment purposes only because of what happened this last week—I believe it's MBS.
That's my opinion: Mohammed bin Salman.
I'm just stating my opinion, and I believe this.
All that to say, folks, we're not there yet.
All the things I'm trying to warn you about, even people trying to live in caves and build a little fire to survive while drones fly in the sky by the tens of thousands—it's not meant for any of us to go through this.
God is not a wife beater.
Most people think we go through the whole tribulation, but God is not a wife beater.
He's not mad at us.
We chose sin; we choose hell.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
This is the wrath to come, but we're not there yet.
The greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen is about to hit this planet.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Every single one of you tonight, if you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you're running out of time.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
If you're here tonight and you're saying, "Brandon, I would love to accept Jesus Christ.
I don't want to go to hell or through the tribulation," I truly believe we're almost there.
We're about to see a major plague hit this earth.
There are major shakings coming to awaken the earth because he's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Right now, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He said, "Brandon, in 2026 and 2027, you're about to see a shaking in my church.
I'm cleaning up all the corruption.
" There's a great falling away.
Many people will say, "This is an Ichabod that you're about to see," but it's not an Ichabod.
What's an Ichabod, Brandon?
It means God has departed.
He has not departed.
He said he'll never leave you nor forsake you; he'll be with you always.
But there is a cleaning of the church coming in 2026 and 2027.
There is a major shaking to awaken coming.
You must know there are terrorists throughout this land who have been let in through the Biden administration and others; they have infiltrated our land by the thousands.
You think we're safe, but there's a Red Dawn experience coming to America, and the Lord said it will shake us to awake us.
It's only by the grace of God we haven't seen anything yet.
All of this is leading up to a major revival that will implement a new virus that will make COVID look like a walk in the park.
The plague will be released in Europe first, through rats and AI technology.
I'm not trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
We're at the end of all of this, and Jesus is coming.
Things are escalating like you wouldn't believe.
Through 2026, 2027, and 2028, you're going to have to pinch yourself because of how much things will change.
I pray that he comes back before the next Shemitah cycle, but if not, we occupy until he comes.
Right before I was taken back into my body, I was on the edge of heaven and saw chariots of fire.
The Lord said, "Do you see all those giftings on those chariots of fire with the angels?
You're about to see something on this earth that you've never seen before.
" I saw a major wave of the glory of God at its breaking point, about to flood the earth for the greatest harvest of souls.
I saw Asia lit up with golden streams, along with North Korea and America.
There were so many lights of people who had given their hearts to Jesus.
But I saw a major shaking coming.
He said, "Right before I come, Brandon, they're going to try to have a great alien deception.
" These are not real aliens; they're demons.
In the days before I come, they will talk about aliens all the time.
There will be a false encounter that will shake the nations.
It looked like a log creature, about twelve feet tall.
They are Nephilim, as in the days of Noah.
There are going to be fearful sights that will bring you to your knees.
They will interview it on TV and explain away the rapture, saying the aliens took the rebellious ones.
This is how the Antichrist explains where everybody went.
It's a great demonic deception.
As you see it on the news, they have to explain where everyone went.
So, tonight's your night.
If you're watching this and saying, "Brandon, you have just scared the bejesus out of me," you are in great blessing.
Jesus is knocking on the door of your heart tonight.
But he's coming again, and that's what we're about to see.
Jesus came once 2,000 years ago, and now he's about to come again.
And the Lord said, "I don't want you to talk about Christmas, Brandon.
I want you to tell them I am coming again.
I came once 2,000 years ago, son, and I'm coming again.
" Give them a chance to repent and turn from their wicked ways.
So tonight, I give you an opportunity to accept, my friend.
Will you be born again?
Will you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
You're running out of time.
As I tell you these things and you're here tonight, it's not by coincidence.
It's not by accident.
You didn't just click on this video and say, "I'm just bored.
" You were drawn here by the Holy Spirit, and he's knocking on the door of your heart.
No one comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him.
And right now on this beautiful Christmas night, he's knocking on the door of your heart saying, "Will you let me in?
Will you make me your Lord and personal Savior?
" If you're here tonight and you've never done that, or maybe you might be the one that's backsliding—you used to be on fire for God, you used to be excited about being a Christian, but because of all the bombardment of the world in these end times and all the heaviness of everything, you've walked away from what you used to know.
You went back to the vomit that you turned away from whenever you were on fire before.
And tonight's your night to be like the prodigal.
God's never turned his back on you; you turned your back on him.
Just like the prodigal son.
His father was ready with a robe and was ready to kill the fatted calf.
And he said, "My son is coming home.
" He could see him running in the distance as the son came to himself or the daughter comes to himself, and you're laying in the pit of your despair, and you're that pig right now in that pigpen, and you're looking at yourself saying, "What have I done with my life?
Why am I in this place where I'm at right now?
" I must go back to my father.
I want you to make that decision right now, tonight, to come back to the Father.
So I'm going to say a simple prayer, and it doesn't have to be all religious.
I'm the most unreligious person you will ever meet; I'm all about relationship, and we will continue to be about relationship.
But if I don't give you the opportunity to accept Jesus tonight, may your blood be on my hands.
But I'm not going to stand before the Father and say, "Why didn't you give them opportunity, Brandon, to accept me?
I'm coming.
" So, I want you to say this prayer.
Jesus died for you publicly; now I want you to be public about your decision.
I want you to put in the comment section right now: "I want to be saved.
I'm coming back to Jesus tonight.
I want to come home.
" I don't want to go to hell; I don't want to go to a devil's hell.
I'm going to go to heaven with Jesus, but I'm not going to live in compromise anymore.
I'm selling out to Jesus tonight.
If this is speaking to you and you feel those butterflies, you feel nervous, that's the Holy Spirit stirring you.
Tonight's your night.
Even as you watch this, Jesus Christ wants to make you free from all that bondage.
So say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Father, I ask you to help me.
I ask you, Father, tonight to make me strong against the sin and all the things that I used to do.
I can't do this on my own.
I ask you, Father, right now to invade my life.
From this day forward, I'm sold out to you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I want to be saved and I'll serve you from this day forward in the name of Jesus.
Thank you for forgiving me.
Thank you Lord for washing me clean in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus and you're a born-again Christian.
Brandon, that's so simple.
Yes, he made it so a 5-year-old could do it.
He didn't want to make it hard; he wanted it to be where the heart confession is made for salvation.
So, what do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
I want you to go to a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Go on a Sunday, a Wednesday, go to prayer group.
You get plugged in at church.
Go and tell the pastor, "I need to be water baptized.
" Go get water baptized.
Come pray with us.
We try to do it every day, but through this Christmas season, I've taken some time with my family.
Find a Bible, pray every day, and that's the Christian life.
Now, if you fall down and skin your knee and you mess up again, you run to God when you sin; you don't run away from him.
And the moment you confess your sins is not when God found out about it; that's when you got rid of it.
So, I want you to know he's not there just condemning you or beating you up.
He wants to love on you.
But we have to make a choice and say, "Jesus, tonight I want to sell out to you.
" We want to celebrate your decision tonight and get in the Bible.
If you just said that prayer and you don't have a Bible, then we want to send you one for free just to bless you and celebrate with you this new walk that you have with the Lord.
If you go down into the description below, you will find our email address.
If you put in the title "I need a Bible" and put your name and your address in the body of the email and then send that to us, we will get you a Bible for free in the mail just to celebrate with you.
I know all of heaven is rejoicing with you; it's the best decision you'll ever make in your life.
It's a new thing, so excited for y'all.
Seventy people so far?
Welcome to the family.
Praise God.
All seventy of you, give your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family; that's wonderful.
All heaven is rejoicing and hell is saying, "We just lost a good sinner.
" That's what the devil said tonight.
Heaven's rejoicing.
Angels are having a party on this Christmas night.
Praise the Lord.
That didn't take too long, did it?
I tried really hard to not keep you all too late.
If you want to go tubing with us—we always call it prayer time—we'll go tubing and pray.
If not, we don't have to pray tonight because I know you probably want to be with your families.
But the Lord told me to come on and tell you about this and tell you what's coming.
Seventy-two people?
Did y'all have a good night?
Do you have a Merry Christmas?
Do you have any questions?
You need a refreshing right now.
Amen.
Want me to pray with you?
How did you walk with the revelation?
Just every day.
It's every day you come to him.
Even whenever I was going through the hardest times of my life, I just press in even harder.
I listen to a lot of teaching tapes with brother Kenneth E.
Hagin and I stir myself up and I just keep on it.
Brother Hagin was the foundation of our word walk.
Listening to Brother Hagin changed our life.
I would have to say Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin, and prayer, love, and all the teachings that he has on YouTube now at this ministry.
I encourage anybody to listen to those over and over.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
The only thing that's ever going to change you is not miracles, signs, or wonders, but the word of God.
You must have a revelation and a foundation of the word inside of your heart for what's coming.
You can see many miracles, signs, or angels, but the only thing that's ever going to change you is the word.
The word is priority and foundation in any believer's life—not an experience, vision, or dream.
The word changes you from the inside out.
I think it's interesting because you think as many cool things as we've seen would make your faith increase.
But sometimes things happen and you can doubt it.
You must have a foundation of the word.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
The only way faith comes is by the word of God.
It didn't say faith cometh by seeing a miracle or having a visitation from Jesus.
No, faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God.
That's the Bible.
You look pretty on here.
The drones are flying around you.
You want to change it?
You want to change?
Yeah, you can change it.
It is creepy.
Well, I just wanted to get the point across so they would know what's coming.
There's a lot of people on here tonight asking about pets, too.
William Branham talked about pets in heaven, and Sister Billye Brim talks about pets in heaven.
Then one of her guest speakers talked about it.
I can honestly tell you I don't know anything about it, so I can't speak into that about pets going to heaven.
But there are people that talk about it and say that their pets go to heaven.
I would be excited about it.
God gives you the desires of your heart and they're your friends.
I love our fur babies, don't you?
I don't think God's going to go, 'Well, bye, Fluffy.
Enjoy tribulation while your master goes up there.
' He loves our fur babies just as the Bible says that he knows the sparrows of the air and the lily of the valley.
He's over all of it.
He knows exactly what our heart is crying out for.
Don't let Fluffy go through the tribulation.
Bring Fluffy with us, Lord, our little fur baby.
He knows where your heart is.
Now, I can't back that with scripture, but I know that if God is a good God and he loves you enough that he gives your heart's desire to you, how much more will he do that for you?
Someone asked, 'When do you think the wealth transfer will happen?
' I believe that it started happening this year.
I'm believing God for 2026.
I'm believing Trump's going to have some kind of cool plan and we're going to see a wealth transfer, in my opinion, before we see some craziness because we have to get the money around so that we can build the building and get stuff ready for what I saw coming.
I don't really think people realize how bad it's going to get.
The birthing pains, labor pains, the beginning of sorrows—what does that look like?
To me, it takes money.
It takes tens of millions of dollars to do ministry as it is, with all the things you see like food and buildings.
Right now, with inflation as high as it is, it's even more money.
Even with the craziness of the tariffs and the cars and all the things going on with that, there's a lot going on.
I'm believing God that we will owe no man anything but to love him, and we won't be caught off guard.
We know what's coming.
We know the signs of the times.
We know where we're at.
I'm believing God that Trump has a plan to bring in the wealth transfer.
I'm praying for the dinar, cryptos, gold, and silver to shoot up like a rocket so that it will be a supernatural wealth transfer and we don't have to struggle at all.
Now, is everybody going to participate in that?
I don't believe that.
If you haven't been faithful with little, how is he going to make you ruler over much?
This isn't a lottery.
If you aren't listening and hearing him, and if you're not tithing off of your $10, how can he give you $10,000, 10 million, or 100,000 if he can't even trust you to give off your 10 bucks?
God's not going to give you something that's going to destroy you and pull you away from him.
If you're not rooted in love and faith, knowing how to give so it shall be given unto you—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over—I do not qualify for a financial wealth transfer if I'm not a giver with little.
How do you qualify?
You are a giver, and he said, 'I love a cheerful giver.
' Be someone who is rooted in the word and is not going to go off and say, 'Well, I got my money.
I'm going out here to have a party.
' Are you sold out to Jesus?
That's the bottom line.
That's what's going to qualify you for the wealth transfer.
Are you sold out?
If God told you to give it away, could you give it away and not question it?
He has already told you to give a tithe off of that $10.
It's a buck.
If you're going, 'I can't give that dollar,' then how are you going to give away $10,000 or tithe off of 100,000?
If you can't do it off of a buck, you can't do it off of 10 or 100.
If you have $100 and you have to give 10 bucks, some people say, 'I don't even believe in tithing.
' Then what makes you qualified for the wealth transfer?
Give to your local church.
Whoever's feeding you spiritually is where you give.
But make sure they're feeding you well.
Make sure you have fat on your bones, that you're spiritually obese for Jesus—not physically obese, but spiritually obese for Jesus.
Be filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
If you're not getting fed where you're at, run.
Don't give where you're not getting spiritually fed.
If the pastors are taking care of you and praying over you, bless that church.
Help them with the work they're doing to reach the lost for Jesus.
People think it's free.
We worked at our church; it was 17,000 a month just for the electric bill.
TV lights are expensive, and people don't realize it.
We had a lot of tippers.
They give a quarter, and maybe that's all they had—praise God.
But some of those people were making a million dollars a year and they think they did something if they gave $10,000.
Brother, don't flatter yourself; you make millions of dollars.
I try not to touch this stuff because people get ticked off, but it's the truth and where we are in the end times.
If you don't have a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be swayed by every doctrine.
And I told you, even while I was praying—remember, I warned you about a celebrity coming that would come on the scene and profess Christianity in the days ahead.
There would be a really big A-list celebrity, and they're going to tell everybody that Jesus is Lord and everything's great.
And the young people are going to be so excited: "They're giving their heart to Jesus.
We can listen to everything they say.
" And then they start coming out with the universal gospel: "There's more than one way to get to heaven other than Jesus Christ.
Jesus is not the only way.
" And the moment they say that, it's a doctrine of demons.
I'm telling you, there's great deception coming.
And what is interesting is that certain people that are pretty or supposedly have a relationship with the Lord, and we follow so blindly just because they have a pretty face and a figure or money, and you look at them and go, "They're so far gone.
" They don't know God.
They wouldn't know the Holy Ghost if he came with HG and a red hat and the Holy Ghost angel choir was behind him.
They wouldn't.
But the thing is that most of the body of Christ right now are looking for something that's authentic.
And they're looking, and I understand.
But there's great deception coming.
And the Lord already warned us, "Brandon, you're going to see great deception with these people in the days ahead.
" You must not be swayed just because they come out and say "Jesus is Lord" one time.
Watch their fruit.
See if they're fruity.
If they're fruity, follow them.
If they're salty, follow them.
But let them have some time to get salty and fruity before you just jump on the train.
Don't follow the train that's leading off the cliff.
Boy, I tell you what, he has the swag; I'm going to listen to him.
And you go, "Well, where are we going?
" Get somebody that is rooted in the word of God and follow them first.
They may not be the prettiest.
They might not be the smartest, but they're rooted in the word.
You understand?
So, that's what we got to do in these last days.
And not everybody who says they hear God and follow the voice of God is really doing it.
The Bible says that you have to be discerning.
Don't just follow everybody in what they think.
And they say, "Well, I'm prophetic this; I'm prophetic.
" I don't care what they say.
If it doesn't line up with the word of God and tell us where we are in the end times, run.
Find the foundation of the word of God for yourself.
You can hear God for yourself.
It's like Diana and I talk about all the time.
You don't need me.
You need Jesus.
Run from all this drama.
Follow Jesus.
And hopefully our channel, we just keep praying and doing these things and keep leading you to trying to pull people out of hell like this.
70-some people get born again.
I'm excited about that.
That's a good Christmas for me.
To me, that was worth it all.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the 72.
Praise God.
So, is that all?
I can pray with y'all just a little bit.
I didn't really have anything else.
I was just trying to—if you want me to show that AI, whatever that was, I'll do it next time.
Okay, go ahead.
They said did you know silver was over $72 an ounce?
I didn't know that.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
Who wants to take communion?
Father, we thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you died for us.
You rose again.
I praise you, Father, for my family.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us.
I thank you, Father, that we are filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed by you, Father, that you took all our sickness, all our disease on us, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I thank you, Father, that we're healed by your stripes.
Diana's healed, Braden, my children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the body was broken and beaten for us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Lord, thank you for Christmas.
Thank you, Lord, for what you did for us.
Thank you, Father, for how beautiful you are to our house.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, that we're whole.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we take the blood in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we take this blood in Jesus' name from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We are washed and we're cleansed.
And we thank you, Lord, that good days are ahead of us.
Blessed days are ahead of us.
And we thank you, Lord, for it in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Father, we just worship you.
I plead the blood over any visions or anything you want to show me today, Lord.
If not, Father, we just worship you and say happy birthday.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Unless a man is born again, Lord, we cannot enter the kingdom of God.
And we're so grateful, Father, that we're sold out to you.
That to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
The moment we take our last breath on this earth, we are seated with you.
Already on this earth, we're seated with you, Father.
And we're so grateful.
We're so grateful that every single person who's here tonight has joy unspeakable and full of glory.
That they're expecting big things in 2026.
That we just have a couple more days left of 2025.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that 2026 will be the year that will be exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think.
We're calling forth a mighty harvest of souls.
This would be the greatest year we've ever had for souls in Jesus' name.
We call forth the harvest of souls in Jesus' name.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We're calling them in in Jesus' name.
Every person we come across, Father, may Jesus be shown on our faces and that people would see it and say, "Man, what is it about you?
What must I do to be saved?
" I thank you, Lord, that signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
Father, that we're believing believers.
We're not doubters.
We're overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We believe that tonight, Father, that light is shining in us.
That the love of God is shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Ghost.
Love is king.
Love is our foundation.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
We thank you, Lord, for the love.
Love bears up under anything and everything.
We thank you, Lord, that those that persecute us, we love on them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we get an opportunity every day to show the love of God and love of Christ to everybody around us.
Father, it isn't always easy to the flesh, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're led by the spirit, not by our flesh.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord for our president, Father, for this nation, that this will be a nation of great financial blessing.
Father, we call forth the blessing of the Lord over our household, over the ministries, and over all the ministry.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the blessing and the favor of God is on us.
Father, that we lack no good thing.
We call forth the blessing over the households that are represented here tonight.
Father, that they would reap back a hundredfold return on every seed they sow, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Father, the sowers and the reaper will go hand in hand.
They will not lack anything.
Father, whatever they put their hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
We call their seeds to reap a harvest at last.
We call forth abundance to the full until it overflows in Jesus' name.
Father, this will be a time of increase like they've always believed for.
Father, 2026 will be a time of great acceleration, not going back but going forward.
This would be the year of the rocket ship, Father, that we would take off in 2026.
Father, it will be the greatest year we've ever experienced in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that in this year, Father, we call us forth into that cleft of the rock.
No weapon—a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
I thank you, Lord, that you are the God of more than enough.
Father, you are Jehovah Jireh.
Father, you're El Elyon, the Most High.
I thank you, Lord, that you're the God that will supply all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We lack no good thing in our bodies.
The body is whole from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Delivered and healed from cancers, diabetes, heart disease, Father, even back pain.
We thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in their backs in Jesus' name.
Over their lungs, over their minds; no dementia, no Alzheimer's comes no autism.
We thank you, Lord, that the healing, wholeness, and wellness is over their minds in the mighty name of Jesus.
They live long and finish strong.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that this is a time like we've never seen before for the church to come out and be more salty, to be more fruity.
Father, we bear much fruit.
Father, we change the root to display the fruit.
I thank you, Lord, that the pastors, the evangelists, the teachers, and the five-fold ministry will come out in the name of Jesus and have a backbone like a crowbar.
Standing, Father, in the name of Jesus and preaching repentance behind the pulpit, preaching the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
They would wake up in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, for a shaking to awaken.
Hold fast.
Hold fast to my face.
Hope in the Lord.
Have a storehouse for a blessing.
Have a storehouse bank account for a blessing.
I'll bless your storehouse.
I'll bless your overflow.
But give it by faith.
Open a storehouse account as you believe me for bigger in 2026.
Believe me for bigger, for I'm coming so soon.
For multitudes will see.
Multitudes grow fast.
I see buildings full of people.
Write the vision down and make it plain so you run by it.
Write the vision down.
I see money coming in unexpected ways.
Don't box me in.
He said, "Don't box him in.
It has to come through this way, it has to come through that way.
" Don't box me in.
He's talking about the spring.
I can see the spring.
Believe me for all that you need in your budget before even the first quarter of 2026, for the whole year.
Believe me for the budget for 2026 in the first quarter of the year and the rest to be overflow.
For a storehouse I will fill to overflow.
Believe me for big concerning 2026 and the budget.
I don't know who that's for.
Everything you need for your ministry, for your house, for the first quarter, for the first three months of 2026.
Believe me for that and I'll bring it to pass.
Give and stretch yourself to believe for more.
How in the world would that happen?
It's time for the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
For the sower and the reaper are going to go hand in hand.
The reaper and the sower are going to go hand in hand.
That's what he says.
I see the sower and the seed, but it's on the heels.
It's supernatural growth.
Fast!
Start to believe me for fast!
You're so used to sowing and time, sowing and time, and you get weary in well-doing.
Start believing me for seed harvest.
Believe me for that fast, for it's an accelerated time, for I'm coming soon.
Believe me for accelerated harvest, sweatless victories, sweatless manifestation, not toil.
There's no toil when there is an anointing to prosper and an anointing to increase, an anointing of overflow.
Abraham got the blessing and he didn't have to toil.
No one could say that they made Abraham rich, only God.
Unexpected income, unexpected increase, but it's just by the favor.
Goodness and mercy are going to follow you all the days of your life.
Remember this.
Start to believe for that.
I yield to goodness and mercy.
I yield to the blessing.
I'm favored wherever I go.
I walk in abundance.
I walk in the overflow.
I lack no good thing.
And the multitudes will say...
He's referring to Deuteronomy 28.
All will see that you are called by the Lord and they will be afraid of you.
All will see that you're called by the name and the presence of the Lord.
He's talking about the multitudes there.
It's going to be seen because he's going to overshadow people.
You're going to see it.
You'll work with angels.
There will be angels on assignment.
It's time to utilize the angels.
He's talking to you.
It's time for you to utilize the angels in the days ahead.
You're going to see angels on assignment more than you've ever seen before, for the body of Christ will work with angels.
You're going to see manifestations of angelic visitation.
Do not idolize angels.
They are on an assignment.
Their eyes are focused on the Father and he's going to give you favor with governments.
He'll give you favor with local governments, going into missionary ministry.
Great doors of opportunity are coming in South America, in Brazil.
For the wealth of the sinner will be laid up for the righteous.
You're going to see that more and more.
For the church will walk in great favor and goodness and mercy, and it will be labor without sorrow.
Blessings without sorrow.
This is getting ready for the great seedtime and for the great revival.
It's the jet fuel for growing the kingdom and walking in the overflow.
He will open the greater doors, and there will be a multiplication on those doors.
Clearly, you will see.
No one can say they made you blessed other than the Lord Jesus.
He said, 'I will put it on their hearts,' and there won't be a way to get apart from it; it is just favor.
When did I ever call you to be a beggar, Church?
When have I ever called the Church to be a beggar?
He is talking about people begging for money.
No, begging is not believing.
You're not a believing believer; you're a beggar.
Don't you want to be a believing believer and not a beggar?
Be quick to receive just as much as you are quick to give.
Even whenever it's not something that you were believing for, that is somebody else's harvest that I'm using you to get it through.
If it's something you have not been believing for and someone walks up and gives it to you, it's somebody else's harvest.
He is just using you to be a steward over it to give it there.
It is not always about you having what it is; you are the distribution center.
Do you understand what he is saying?
I see a really nice green car, and you'll go, 'I didn't want a green car,' but I'm thankful for it.
But God didn't want you to keep the green car; he's just using you to get it to the person who is believing for it.
Don't always think it's your harvest; you'll know when it's your harvest.
In these last days, I'm looking for people who will be a distribution center, mature and grounded, knowing where it's supposed to go, and there will be a great wealth flow.
It's the goodness of God that draws men to repentance—it's the goodness and my mercy.
For there will be a great grace explosion that will multiply exceedingly.
He's talking about the blessing—something you didn't earn and something you don't deserve.
If you listen to him on what you're doing with your money, you'll see it is just grace.
I see so much overflow in these accounts.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store.
We will be on the right side of the blessing.
Faith works by love.
Check your love walk and keep your love tank full.
Be quick to repent and quick to walk in love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Don't let the potholes blow out your tires; walk in love.
The foundation is love.
I see people having ideas that will seem like they came from nowhere, hit you inside, and become a multi-million-dollar idea.
It will be a God-inspired idea that will make tens of millions.
It is just like when you blow on something, like the Prayer of Jabez.
'Oh, that you bless me indeed.
You increase my land.
Enlarge my territory that I cause no pain.
' Enlarge my territory; increase my tent.
It is a blowing on something—a supernatural increase.
Some will have ideas for computers with finances or favor with ideas for software.
Sweatless victories—it's not toil.
You just walk in and go, 'I don't even know how this happened other than it's just God.
' How did I get here so quickly?
It's something you didn't deserve and didn't earn.
Wayward children are coming home.
What the cankerworm has eaten, I am restoring back sevenfold.
Believe me for bigger.
You will get too expensive for the devil to mess with if you start calling him on it.
Everything the devil stole, I call back in the name of Jesus.
You've got to stand on your authority and stand on your right, seated with me in the heavenly places.
Take that rightful place and say, 'Listen, that is my money.
Give it back plus extra.
You aren't stealing from me or my family anymore.
You are done here, sir.
Get out in Jesus' name.
' Call it back and then call a crop failure over your negative seeds.
I repent for the seeds I sowed in the past that were negative.
Father, I repent and I believe I'm a believing believer.
If I've got seeds in the ground that are a bad harvest, I ask, Father, for mercy.
I call crop failure in Jesus' name.
I ask for mercy and then turn away from it.
It's about the blessing.
Everybody is experiencing Christmas, giving out gifts.
The Lord is trying to tell you to believe for bigger.
Stretch yourself to believe for more.
2026.
Hallelujah.
Well, I believe he's done.
I see creative ideas—people while they are sleeping are going to get these ideas.
Creative ideas to get wealth.
You'll go, 'Where did I just figure that out?
' It's like Albert Einstein things, like the law of gravity, E equals MC squared.
It just comes out of the Holy Ghost.
There will be new mathematical equations and formulas that will come out of your sleep—supernatural creative ideas and mathematical equations that will solve things.
It is all by the grace of God.
Creative ideas to make the car run longer.
Creative ideas for inventions—witty ideas for carburetors and things like that.
I am seeing things for creative ideas for making things better that are worth a hundred-million-dollar idea.
Don't ignore it.
Write it down.
You need to believe God for bigger.
Even create if He says, 'Make this and put this in here.
' You put this seasoning and this seasoning in the pot and you mix them together and you're going, 'Man, that is the best-tasting pie,' or whatever, and you sell it to start a pie company.
I don't know, I'm just seeing these ideas coming out of seemingly nowhere.
You feel that?
But it's by the power of the Holy Ghost for end-time harvest.
He's bringing up—remember that when we heard about the man?
He said he went in there and he charged $10,000 for the idea and he twisted that nut and he got this and he was able to figure out what was broken on the piece of machinery.
I don't know why it's coming to me.
I can see when he tightened this, he tightened that, and he goes, 'This cost $10,000 to get this fixed.
' It was by Ford.
Oh yes, interchangeable parts.
Yeah, Ford did it.
It was the man that hired Ford—I mean, Ford hired him.
He was brilliant.
He was one of Albert Einstein's friends.
This is what's going to happen.
Do you know how they had the wave of the Industrial Revolution and you had all that, like Tesla—the brain of Tesla—and all these people?
And they were real smart.
There's new waves of genius coming, new waves of genius people that are godly.
Not trying to say Elon Musk is not godly, but he will be in Jesus' name.
But I'm talking about godly inspired minds, so all glory to Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Well, are you excited you came tonight?
I took you long enough from your families.
It's almost nine o'clock.
Gives you enough time to kiss them to bed and tell them, 'Hey, I'm leaving now,' or whatever.
I don't know.
Give them a cookie.
Kiss your kids to bed is what I'm talking about.
Kiss your kids goodnight.
Kissing your relatives—you don't want kissing cousins.
Sorry.
No kissing cousins up in here.
Good Lord, Brandon.
Golly.
Well, praise the Lord.
We're excited you're here.
We're thankful for every single one of you.
If you could, before we close tonight, like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
We really appreciate every single one of y'all.
That's the biggest Christmas present you could ever give us is by promoting this gospel throughout the whole world because we know Jesus Christ is coming.
And when this gospel is made a witness unto all men, I'm telling y'all, we're about to get out of here and He's calling for North Korea right now.
And we're about to see the greatest harvest of souls we've ever seen before.
But we're glad to be a part of it.
So if y'all could do that and help us, that's the only thing we'll ever ask of you.
Thank you.
We're almost to 600,000 people.
Isn't that wonderful?
I believe we'll bust it.
We're going to bust 600,000, all to the glory of God.
So, we love you.
Oh, it was Deuteronomy 2:25.
Oh, thanks.
Deuteronomy 2:25.
This is: 'This day I will begin to put the dread of you and the fear of you upon the nations under the whole heaven, who shall hear the report of you and shall tremble and be in anguish because of you.
' Is that what you meant?
That one?
I don't know, but it sounds good.
I'll take it.
Deuteronomy 28:10.
Then all people on the earth will see you're called by the name of the Lord and they'll—yeah, that's the right one.
Sorry.
I picked that one.
You're good.
No, you're right.
Sorry, you're right.
That was yours.
Yours is right.
Mine's wrong.
Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
Okay, never mind.
Just ignore it.
Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
Thank you for taking notes.
And in Proverbs 10:22, the blessing of the Lord makes a person rich and adds no sorrow with it.
Riches without sorrow.
So, well, okay.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas everybody.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Have a great night and a Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.
Ho ho ho.
Bye-bye.
We love you.